# @cofhe/sdk Changelog

## 0.1.0

### Minor Changes

- 87fc8a0: Initial extraction from cofhejs. Split permit `create` into type specific creators: `createSelf`, `createShared`, and `importShared`
- 8d41cf2: Combine existing packages into more reasonable defaults. New package layout is @cofhe/sdk (includes all the core logic for configuring and creating a @cofhe/sdk client, encrypting values, and decrypting handles), mock-contracts, hardhat-plugin, and react.
- 738b9f5: Adding adapters for ethers5/6, Wagmi and HardHat
- a83facb: Prepare for initial release. Rename scope from `@cofhesdk` to `@cofhe` and rename `cofhesdk` package to `@cofhe/sdk`. Create `publish.yml` to publish `beta` packages on merged PR, and `latest` on changeset PR.
- 9a7c98e: Create core store, split initialize into `create` and `connect`, and port `encryptInputs` with improvements.
- 58e93a8: Migrate cofhe-mock-contracts and cofhe-hardhat-plugin into @cofhe/sdk.
- fdf26d4: Move storage handling to web/node targets; add `fheKeysStorage` config with environment-specific defaults.
- f5b8e25: Add @cofhe/sdk config type and parsing.
- 3b135a8: Create @cofhe/sdk/node and @cofhe/sdk/web

  Additional changes:

  - Fhe keys aren't fetched until `client.encryptInputs(...).encrypt()`, they aren't used anywhere else other than encrypting inputs, so their fetching is deferred until then.
  - Initializing the tfhe wasm is also deferred until `client.encryptInputs(...).encrypt()` is called (allows for deferred async initialization)

- 5b7c43b: Create @cofhe/sdk client, hook in permits.
  Create encryptInputs functionality. (+ mocks)
  Create decryptHandles functionality. (+ mocks)
  Improve @cofhe/sdk errors and error handling.

  fix - seal_output include error_message in failing Error.

### Patch Changes

- cba73fd: Add duration and context information to the step callback function for encryptInputs. Split fetch keys step into InitTfhe and FetchKeys.
  InitTfhe context includes a `tfheInitializationExecuted` indicating if tfhe was initialized (true) or already initialized (false).
  FetchKeys returns flags for whether the fhe and crs keys were fetch from remote (true) or from cache (false).
- 4bc8182: Add storage and key store

This changelog is maintained by Changesets and will be populated on each release.

- Do not edit this file by hand.
- Upcoming changes can be previewed with `pnpm changeset status --verbose`.
- Entries are generated when the Changesets "Version Packages" PR is created/merged.
