# @cofhe/mock-contracts Changelog

## 0.2.1

### Patch Changes

- ac47e2f: Add `PermitUtils.checkValidityOnChain` to validate permits against the on-chain deployed ACL (source of truth).
- 0000d5e: Mock contracts deployed to alternate fixed addresses to avoid collision with hardhat pre-compiles.

## 0.2.0

### Minor Changes

- 8fda09a: Removes `Promise<boolean>` return type from `client.connect(...)`, instead throws an error if the connection fails.
- e0caeca: Adds `environment: 'node' | 'web' | 'hardhat' | 'react'` option to config. Exposed via `client.config.enviroment`. Automatically populated appropriately within the various `createCofhesdkConfig` functions.

### Patch Changes

- e121108: Fix ACL permission invalid issue. MockACL needs real deployment since etching doesn't call the constructor, so the EIP712 is uninitialized. Also adds additional utility functions to hardhat-plugin:

  - `hre.cofhesdk.connectWithHardhatSigner(client, signer)` - Connect to client with hardhat ethers signer.
  - `hre.cofhesdk.createBatteriesIncludedCofhesdkClient()` - Creates a batteries included client with signer connected.
  - `hre.cofhesdk.mocks.getMockTaskManager()` - Gets deployed Mock Taskmanager
  - `hre.cofhesdk.mocks.getMockACL()` - Gets deployed Mock ACL

## 0.1.1

### Patch Changes

- a1d1323: Add repository info to package.json of public packages to fix npm publish provenance issue.
- d232d11: Ensure publish includes correct src and dist files
- b6521fb: Update publish workflow to create versioning PR upon merge with changeset.

## 0.1.0

### Minor Changes

- 8d41cf2: Combine existing packages into more reasonable defaults. New package layout is @cofhe/sdk (includes all the core logic for configuring and creating a @cofhe/sdk client, encrypting values, and decrypting handles), mock-contracts, hardhat-plugin, and react.
- a83facb: Prepare for initial release. Rename scope from `@cofhesdk` to `@cofhe` and rename `cofhesdk` package to `@cofhe/sdk`. Create `publish.yml` to publish `beta` packages on merged PR, and `latest` on changeset PR.
- 58e93a8: Migrate cofhe-mock-contracts and cofhe-hardhat-plugin into @cofhe/sdk.

This changelog is maintained by Changesets and will be populated on each release.

- Do not edit this file by hand.
- Upcoming changes can be previewed with `pnpm changeset status --verbose`.
- Entries are generated when the Changesets "Version Packages" PR is created/merged.
